1. Started with creating the root files
2. created server with uvicorn with fastapi,fast api is for routing,api,documents mechanism
3. app.py will act as server and started the server and successfully connected with fastapi
4. created upload.py and tested it, it is been successfully working, the will is been saving in the desired location
5. created pdf_reader to read the uploaded pdf, i faced error with older version in pymupdf,so i deleted the package and reinstalled with latest version
6. with the help of pymupfd i can read the texts from the documents [ i can use pandas also]
7. Extracted text is been converted to vectors with the help of sentence_transformer
8. I create the vector db to store vectors
9. then these vectors are store in vector db with the help of chroma db module it is an sqlite db
10. Data stored in the db format is chunk number, text, vector
11. retival will be fast with the help of searching vector, when user give an text to search, the text will 
be converted to vector and this will be searched in the vector db, if the search is successful then
text will be returned
12. I i need to retive the data,for that i am using similarity search, the similarity search is Nearest Neighbour search
,in there i am using cosine search, if the angle val is less then similarty is more and vice versa
13. I created a retival code ,from which the data is been fetched 
14. I gave some text to seach vdb to search, but the returned data is not accurate because
I already stored an pdf in the vdb, so result was not accurate,----PROBLEM FACED-----
15. even thought there are two pdf present in the vdb the result need to be fetched,
but is not coming.---PROBLEM FACED---
16. I over come with an idea to change the model from all-MiniLM-L6-v2 to intfloat-e5-base-v7 
17. all-MiniLM-L6-v2 what good and it made fast retival,but it did not give accurate results
18. I switched to intfloat-e5-base-v7 which was good and fast,but still the result was not better
19. So i decided to change the dataset from my resume to original legal document,beacuse original 
legal document has an structure.
20. By doing that i got accurate results.
21. I stopped the Frontend and started to work in Frontend
22. In frontend i started to create root files
23. After creating root files,i started with navbar,Next is hero section ,i generated a imgae for hero section
after that i added parallax for that image with parallax package